Add Chef Infra Client 16.1 release notes (#2496)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/release_notes.md

release. For a detailed list of changes see the [Chef Infra Client
changelog](https://github.com/chef/chef/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

## What's New in 16.1

### Ohai 16.1

> Ohai 16.1 includes a new `Selinux` plugin which exposes `node['selinux']['status']`, `node['selinux']['policy_booleans']`, `node['selinux']['process_contexts']`, and `node['selinux']['file_contexts']`. Thanks [@davide125](http://github.com/davide125) for this contribution. This new plugin is an optional plugin, which is disabled by default. It can be enabled within your `client.rb`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ohai 16.1 includes a new `Selinux` plugin which exposes `node['selinux']['status']`, `node['selinux']['policy_booleans']`, `node['selinux']['process_contexts']`, and `node['selinux']['file_contexts']`. Thanks [@davide125](http://github.com/davide125) for this contribution. This new plugin is an optional plugin which is disabled by default. It can be enabled within your `client.rb`:
```

```ruby
ohai.optional_plugins = [ :Selinux ]
```

### Chef InSpec 4.18.114

> InSpec has been updated from 4.18.111 to 4.18.114, which adds new `--reporter_message_truncation` and `--reporter_backtrace_inclusion` reporter options to truncate messages and suppress backtraces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InSpec has been updated from 4.18.111 to 4.18.114. This update adds new `--reporter_message_truncation` and `--reporter_backtrace_inclusion` reporter options to truncate messages and suppress backtraces.
```

### Debian 10 aarch64

Chef Infra Client packages are now produced for Debian 10 on the aarch64 architecture. These packages are available at [downloads.chef.io](https://downloads.chef.io/chef/).

### Bug Fixes

> - Resolved a regression in the `launchd` resource that would cause it to fail to converge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Resolved a regression in the `launchd` resource that prevented it from converging.
```

- The `:disable` action in the `launchd` resource no longer fails if the plist was not found.
- Several Ruby 2.7 deprecation warnings have been resolved.

## What's New in 16.0.287

> The Chef Infra Client 16.0.287 includes important bug fixes for the Chef Infra Client 16 release:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chef Infra Client 16.0.287 release includes important bug fixes for the Chef Infra Client 16 release:
```

- Fixes the failure to install Windows packages on the 2nd convergence of the Chef Infra Client.
- Resolves several failures in the `launchd` resource.
- Removes an extra `.java` file on Windows installations that would cause a failure in the IIS 8.5 Server Security Technical Implementation Guide audit.
- Updates the `windows_printer` resource so that the driver property will only be required when using the `:create` action.
- Fixes the incorrectly spelled `knife user invite recind` command to be `knife user invite rescind`.
- Update Chef InSpec to 4.8.111 with several minor improvements.

## What's New in 16.0.275

> The Chef Infra Client 16.0.275 includes important regression fixes for the Chef Infra Client 16 release:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chef Infra Client 16.0.275 release includes important regression fixes for the Chef Infra Client 16 release:
```

> The `compile_time` property is now available for all resources so that they can be set to run at compile time without the need forcing the action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `compile_time` property is now available for all resources so that they can be set to run at compile time without the need to force the action.
```

> This allows you to replace forcing resources to run at compile time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the `compile_time` property instead of forcing the resource to run at compile time:
```

```ruby
eager_load_libraries false # disable eager loading all libraries
eager_load_libraries 'helper_library.rb' # eager load just the file helper_library.rb
eager_load_libraries %w(helper_library_1.rb helper_library_2.rb) # eager load both helper_library_1.rb and helper_library_2.rb files
```

Note: Unless you are experiencing performance issues in your libraries, we advise against changing the loading behavior.

#### always_dump_stacktrace client.rb option

> A new `always_dump_stacktrace` client.rb configuration option and command-line option allows you to have any Ruby stacktraces from Chef Infra Client logged directly to the log file. This may help troubleshooting when used in conjunction with centralized logging systems such as Splunk. To enable this new option, run `chef-client --always-dump-stacktrace` or add the following to your `client.rb`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new `always_dump_stacktrace` client.rb configuration option and command line option allows you to have any Ruby stacktraces from Chef Infra Client logged directly to the log file. This may help troubleshooting when used in conjunction with centralized logging systems such as Splunk. To enable this new option, run `chef-client --always-dump-stacktrace` or add the following to your `client.rb`:
```
